# Validation errors
error.summary.heading=There is a problem
error.prefix=Error:
error.email=Enter a valid email address
error.dateOfBirth.required=Enter date of birth
error.year.invalid-format=Enter a year of birth
error.day.invalid-format=Enter a day of birth
error.month.invalid-format=Enter a month of birth
error.nino.required=Enter a National Insurance number
error.nino.invalid-format=Enter a National Insurance number
error.familyName.required=Enter a family name
error.familyName.invalid-format=Enter a family name
error.givenName.required=Enter a first name
error.givenName.invalid-format=Enter a first name

# Service specific messages
app.name=Check Settled Status
app.titleSuffix=Check Settled Status - GOV.UK

# Lookup page
lookup.title=Enter the following details
lookup.nino.label=National Insurance number
lookup.nino.hint=For example, ‘QQ 12 34 56 C’.
lookup.givenName.label=First name
lookup.familyName.label=Family name
lookup.dateOfBirth.label=Date of birth
lookup.dateOfBirth.hint=For example, 31 3 1980

# Status page
status-found.title=

#Error page
status-check-failure.title=

button.continue=Continue
button.submit=Submit

# Global errors
global.error.500.heading=Sorry, there is a problem with the service
global.error.500.message=Try again later.
